r2:
- planned dev process break-down into the following workflows (steps):
	+ create a backup of articles folder.
	+ refactor the entire articles folder right within project. Observe changes in the interface and make adjustments
	+ Set up rule & policy for different viewers: admin, user,..
	+ copy over the back version of articles
	+ Review (evaluating this Strategy) and reflection.
	+ Affirm if module can be created manually this way. allowing r3 to develop a single module (childApp, e.g. from old MS Access form).

- observing roadmap of changes in a MEAN app to make a reflection on the working project using SEAN instead.
- In MantisBT, the landing page is my_view_page (My_View tab). Whether to make Manuke a similar landing page? Or, maybe just leave it as is for now (low priority).
- noticed angularFileUpload in core\client\app\config.js, this is for file|img_file|profile_img update capability concern.
r1:
- keep Sequelize logging on (enableSequelizeLog: true, where it should be off in the future (development.js): enableSequelizeLog: process.env.DB_LOG || false)
- reverted to DataTypes.JSON as MySQL 5.7 is provided in dev desktop.
- tested admin panel for updating users works fine.
- SEAN.js clone from git repo is most promising, seems better than (slightly out-dated) yeoman generated SEAN.JS
r0:
- intial config.

PLANNED, every iteration comes with testing & validation (either manual or automatic test scripting):
R3-4: working on module to generate simple, experimenting app in SEAN.js env (ecosystem)
R5: clone to create another module (another childApp).
		Validate to confirm 'Manuke blueprint is a housing for new Apps.'
R6: Intefacing & communicating bw Mantis and Manuke

		<story board>
 		create MantisBT API service to render PHP userAuth to port to Manuke.
		e.g. something like http://localhost:3000/authentication/signin/id=2&&hashedPassword=jc1T1YE2g0KelV66L45+A+XG14KcvLV/eDfQUfMfGLpTOQVDJkP1v+a2SzbAR67lWsPKA4yMOJ3+o0VY6pKzWw==&&salt=17Vg7h0812Gger8g7DqgVA==
		with id, hashedPassword and salt generated by the PHP API service

		Event trigger: on-click to change location (transition/pass-way route to Manuke app root, aka. landing page)
		onAuth: validate against database before rendering user access for 'CORS-cross-traveling' user.
		onAuth.success: allowing users to interact with Manuke mainApp (which contains core module and component modules - childApps)
		onAuth.fail: render users a sign-up route. landing there and pending user action.

R7: generate a pathway to return to Mantis

		<story board>
		create a nav-link to allow users to go back to the Mantis.
		Mantis takes care of session.
			<Caught exception>
				Flaw: Users login into Manuke first.
				Caught by create an API in Manuke, rendering similar routing effect as did in R6 with MantisBT being a landing target.

R8: Deployment on server.
 		npm install, review SEAN pre-requisites, also production.js env setup if goes on production.

R9:	add component modules to feature new App (childApp) to the Manuke.
		Goal: strengthen Manuke mansion by adding more component modules.
		Affirming that Manuke blueprint is a housing for new Apps.

R10: Refine default theme.
R11: add different themes, view templates and append user preference setting into the user profile.
R12: Further development with full-stack Javascript Manuke app and potentially drop PHP-LAMP stack.
		 OR having Manuke take care of moduleApps while letting Mantis take care of existing database relationships.

